My husband contracted COVID-19. He was brought to the ICU, and to this later, he passed away.
We were unable to say goodbye. We weren't able to see each other. We were unable to have our last conversation.
My husband and I got sick in the month of March 2020, and then my husband fell asleep in death.
Isolation can make you depressed. I would say that was the worst time of my life.
My husband contracted COVID and he was breathing heavily, so I called 911.
The ambulance took him and on the way to the hospital, his heart stopped.
My bank account was blocked. I had debts, I had COVID, and the landlord gave me a week to leave the house.
My husband used to do everything, and now it's my responsibility to be the spiritual head of the family.
I need help. The elders helped me prepare for family worship. That's exactly what we needed at that moment.
There were times I felt dejected and weak. The sisters really helped me by showing personal interest.
In fact, not a day went by without them calling me.
I was feeling tired without strength. I felt helpless, so the friends took care of the entire move.
I helped to clean the house and helped me out financially. They were like my arms and legs. They supported me.
I felt like my spiritual family was carrying me in their arms.
Everything that my brother and sister did for me during that difficult time, the messages, the postcards, the flowers, that shows me the kind of family that I have.
That's what the kids really needed to see, that we were not alone, that our friends were there, even though they couldn't be here physically with us.
The brothers have encouraged me in so many ways, from letters from pioneer spread all over Italy.
To video calls, phone calls, and messages, I realized that there will always be someone to hope it uses to comfort me.
Before I felt weak and powerless, Jehovah gave me strength. He helped me by means of the brothers.
The day after my husband died, I was so surprised when I opened the door, our friends started singing for us.
At that moment, I realized we're not going to be alone. We have our spiritual family.
I began to speak to Jehovah more intensely, before I would talk to my husband about everything.
Now, I share my problems and anxieties with Jehovah.
I've been keeping a little journal of everything that Jehovah has done for us, and I write it down because I want to be able to tell my husband when I say him again.
I didn't feel alone at any time. I felt that I belonged to a family that was caring for me and supporting me.
I really saw Jehovah's love and the help he gives.
He could do anything to help you feel better when you go into trials.
Saying Jehovah's support for me by means of the brothers makes me feel secure, thinking about how he will support me in the future.
I can say that in the future, I am absolutely certain that Jehovah will be with me.
There's no pandemic. There's no bad situation that will prevent Jehovah to reach anyone when they're going through trials.